Adds PATH for macOS (#10031)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/install/reqs/macos/zsh-config.md

{% assign target = include.target %}

<details markdown="1">
<summary><strong>To verify your shell configuration, expand this section</strong></summary>

> Like most UNIX-like operating system, macOS can support multiple shells,

Reviewer: This is the type of doc that tends to get out of date, and I don't think we need this page. We could probably just link to Apple's [Change the default shell in Terminal on Mac](https://support.apple.com/zh-sg/guide/terminal/trml113/mac) instead.

Author: This section wouldn't get out of date unless Apple changes the default shell (again). It's also hidden unless the reader needs to see it. That's because, well, they shouldn't unless they're running macOS 10.14 or earlier.

Reviewer: In general this is not a doc that we need to maintain. In some cases it might be better to have no doc page at all, especially in this case anything we put here will already be covered by the official Apple / Zsh documentation. Need to be careful we don't increase our maintenance costs unnecessarily.

Author: I understand your point. I am willing to make any updates should they come. I stand by the change.

like `bash`, `zsh`, and `sh`.

As of the October 2019 release of macOS Catalina (macOS 10.15),

> Z shell or `zsh` is the default shell for macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zsh or `zsh` is the default shell for macOS.
```

> Apple made this change to due to licensing changes for `bash`.

Reviewer: Take this line out, we don't need it.
```suggestion
```

Author: Can do. I waivered on this, though, because the _why_ of it kept creeping into my mind.

#### Check and set `zsh` as default
{:.no_toc}

1. To verify `zsh` has been installed and set as
   the default macOS shell, run the following commands.

    ```terminal

>     $ which zsh; dscl . -read ~/ UserShell

Reviewer: This can be simplified to:

```suggestion
$ echo $0
/bin/zsh
```

Author: No, it can't. The second part tells you what your default shell is. The `echo $0` only tells you what shell is running in your current terminal.

Reviewer: I think it's safe to assume the user is running their default shell.

Author: We can't make too many assumptions. This is one that I think would be important to explain.

Reviewer: I don't think average Flutter developer is concerned about this honestly, and this isn't even documenting something about Flutter. I would vote that we keep our docs as general as possible since not every developer even uses Zsh, and they don't need to use Zsh to use Flutter, Cocoapods, or anything else.

Author: They need to know which shell they're running to properly install all of these apps because of where they need to set the permanent PATH. That's why I'm calling this out: They should use the macOS default, `zsh`, and the default file for setting environment variables, `.zshenv`.

Author: I understand your point. I believe this can answer questions that may be raised later. I stand by the change. If the community submits issues to the contrary, we can revisit then.

    ```

>     {{terminal}} should print the following as its response.
> 
>     ```terminal
>     /bin/zsh
>     UserShell: /bin/zsh
>     ```
> 

Reviewer: Take these lines out as per comment above:

```suggestion
```

Author: Same comment as line 20.

1. If you need to install `zsh`, run the following command.

    ```terminal
    $ brew install zsh
    ```

   To check if your install succeeded,
   run the command in the previous step after installing `zsh`.

> 1. If you need to change your default shell, run the following command.

Reviewer: We should explain what the command does before we tell them to run it:

```suggestion
1. To change your shell to Zsh, run the following command.
```

Author: I might need to tweak that slightly. This step is optional.

    ```terminal
    $ chsh -s `which zsh`
    ```

>     This command changes your shell to where you installed `zsh`.

Reviewer: Take this line out (see above comment)

```suggestion
```
